Astro September 14 release notes (#1196)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.5.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## September 14, 2022

> ### Additional improvements

Reviewer: @jwitz I think these are missing:

- https://github.com/astronomer/astro/pull/2782
- https://github.com/astronomer/astro/issues/3319
-

Author: Where did you find the first change? I can't see the issue or the PR in the release report

Reviewer: Had to double check this list: https://github.com/astronomer/astro/releases/tag/release-91322-3

:(

Author: I think this change was for the integrated lineage tab which hasn't been released yet. The current lineage tab doesn't have this behavior.

> - You can now set a minimum worker count of 0 in worker queues on AWS clusters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now set a minimum worker count of zero in worker queues on AWS clusters.
```
From our style guide "...spell out whole numbers from zero through nine, and use numerals for 10 or greater. "

> - When you configure a new worker queue, the default worker type on your cluster is now pre-selected in the **Worker Type** field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When you configure a new worker queue, the default worker type in your cluster is now pre-selected in the **Worker Type** list.
```
Worker Type is a drop-down list:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/190140327-91a9502f-8fd5-4cf4-84e3-cd0c9d314f2d.png)

You don't need to describe the list type.

- You can now configure multiple instances of the same identity provider (IdP). See [Configure an identity provider](configure-idp.md).

> - Reduced the minimum data plane system node count of AWS clusters from 3 to 2.

Reviewer 2: See the previous comment about our style guide recommendation for numbers. Your call if you want to apply it here.

Author: It's not the count of clusters, it's the count of nodes

Reviewer 2: @jwitz a node is a either a connection point, a redistribution point, or a communication endpoint. It's also a device connected to a network. I don't think it classifies as a _technical quantity_. If you prefer numerals over text, no worries.

> - Reduced the minimum data plane system node count of AWS clusters from 3 to 2.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Reduced the minimum data plane system node count of Amazon Web Services (AWS) clusters from 3 to 2.
```

> - Reduced the minimum data plane system node count of Azure clusters from 2 to 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Reduced the minimum data plane system node count of Microsoft Azure clusters from 2 to 1.
```

> - Reduced the minimum data plane system node count of Azure clusters from 2 to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduced the total minimum data plane system node count of Azure clusters from 3 to 2.
```

> - Reduced the minimum data plane system node count of GCP clusters from 2 to 1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Reduced the minimum data plane system node count of Google Cloud Platform (GCP) clusters from 2 to 1.
```

> - Reduced the minimum data plane system node count of GCP clusters from 2 to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduced the minimum data plane system node count per availability zone (AZ) from 2 to 1 on Google Cloud Platform (GCP) clusters. Astro clusters on GCP currently support 3 AZs. This means that the minimum node count for a cluster decreased from a total of 6 to a total of 3.
```

More technically accurate here: https://github.com/astronomer/astro/issues/3264

Author: I think we can skip the middle bit of logic and just update the numbers in the original release note to 6 /3 respectively

> - You can now expand and collapse the Workspace menu sidebar in the Cloud UI.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now expand and collapse the **Workspace** menu in the Cloud UI.
```
From the Google developer documentation style guide:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/104205257/190141973-c1fc8cf7-8f0d-49b0-8473-ea3bb854f9f6.png)

### Bug fixes

- Removed inaccurate scheduler resource values from the Cloud UI.

> - Fixed an issue where some Astronomer services nodes were not deleted from the data plane after deleting their respective Deployments.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Astronomer services nodes are now deleted from the data plane when their respective Deployments are deleted.
```

> - Fixed an issue where some Astronomer services nodes were not deleted from the data plane after deleting their respective Deployments.

Author: Does the user have any exposure to that internal logic though? I don't think we need to describe that if the end result is the same and there's no way for customers to verify that correct labeling.

> - Fixed an issue where you could not open the Airflow UI from a Deployment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can now open the Airflow UI from a Deployment.
```

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.5.0 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## September 14, 2022

### Additional improvements

- New worker node pools on Amazon Web Services (AWS) clusters can now scale to zero. This means that enabling a new worker type for your cluster does not cost money until it's specified in a Deployment.

> - New worker queues on AWS clusters can now have a minimum worker count of 0, but default worker queues  continue to require a minimum of 1 worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New worker queues on AWS clusters can now have a minimum worker count of 0, but default worker queues continue to require a minimum of 1 worker.
```

> - New worker queues on AWS clusters can now have a minimum worker count of 0, but default worker queues  continue to require a minimum of 1 worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New worker queues on AWS clusters now support a minimum worker count of 0. Default worker queues continue to require a minimum of 1 worker.
```

- When you create a new worker queue, the default worker type in your cluster is now pre-selected in the **Worker Type** list.
- You can now configure multiple instances of the same identity provider (IdP). See [Configure an identity provider](configure-idp.md).

> - Google Cloud Platform (GCP) clusters now use `e2-standard-4` instance types for Airflow and data plane system nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Google Cloud Platform (GCP) clusters now use `e2-standard-4` instance types for Airflow and data plane system nodes instead of `n2-standard-4`. This should improve base costs for new Astro clusters.
```

- Reduced the total minimum data plane system node count of AWS clusters from 3 to 2.
- Reduced the total minimum data plane system node count of Azure clusters from 3 to 2.
- Reduced the total minimum data plane system node count of GCP clusters from 6 to 3.
- You can now expand and collapse the **Workspace** menu in the Cloud UI.

### Bug fixes

> - Removed inaccurate scheduler resource values from the Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This ended up not being included -- ugh, talking to Wei about this inaccurate release report. Assume you were looking at this? https://github.com/astronomer/astro/issues/2431
